- 👋 Hi, I’m @BilinguAlvaro: I am the son of Spanish emigrants, who was born in Germany, lived there for almost thirty years, then moved to Spain for about three years, and - after getting his language skills recognised by and a recommendation from a German tourist - crossed over to Ireland in February 2003. Always a linguistic talent, I started learning English at the age of ten, French at twelve, Russian at seventeen (unfortunately dropped out after half a year due to relocation) and began studying translation and interpreting at the Cologne University of Applied Sciences at the age of 27. An Erasmus scholarship brought me to Granada and to the idea of staying there and developing other views on life (and above all a completely different way of it!). And this happened again after the new start in Dublin. In that sense, I think I have always had a somewhat more objective way of thinking and seeing things than many other Europeans, because I have always been able to compare events and developments in my home country (but also in other parts of the world!) with those in the other countries where I have lived. And there are similarities as well as differences! In this sense, I have always liked to call myself an "international person". So, if you need different opinions...
- 👀 I am interested in offering my services for translations (mainly oral) in German and Spanish, as these are the two languages (besides English) that I know best. But I can (and did!) also translate and proofread documents, certificates and similar texts – even in French and Italian! Language lessons and after-school tutoring have also been given by me. In addition to my professional skills, I am open to many everyday things/topics that may need to be raised at some point – especially in the areas of sexuality, spirituality, philosophy of life, social psychology and and and... Just get in touch with me and we can work out the necessary things.
- 🌱 Until recently, I was taking an online course on sex education and sexual wellbeing. (Monday and Tuesday evenings were the virtual lectures.) But a lot of it was or went wrong – including the security measures that in the end did not allow me anymore to get into the internet system of the "Dublin City University". I remain interested in sharing and using my own sexual knowledge and experiences, as I myself have had to experience great disappointments and a lot of frustration with my sexuality and would not wish this on anyone. As sensitive as this taboo topic continues to be today (unfortunately!), in 2023 it should no longer be a problem to talk openly about these things and everything that goes with it (feelings included!), and to deal with it sensibly. It affects us all and should not be fleetingly dismissed like a silly joke. (The great success of the Netflix series "Sex Education" has proven it so wonderfully one hundred percent!)
- 💞️ When I began my joint degree in German/Spanish language/literature at the University of Limerick in September 2015, I already had the idea in the back of my mind to work as BOTH a language teacher AND a counselling teacher after graduation. Unfortunately, no-one told me until well after I started university that I would also need an MA in Education to do this. And now I am trying to make myself known and share my knowledge and experience as much as possible without having to show who knows how many titles! So, if you have become curious in the meantime and would like to give me a chance, then give me a call or send me an email to find out if all these are just empty words or if there is something more behind them. I'm always willing to have a conversation with strangers and see if it's worth going further.
- 📫 How to reach me: you can call me at +353871361428 or write to BankiervanhetVerzet@pm.me. Please: no Unknown Numbers! I have received more than enough of them in the last few years, without any answer or with stupid jokes, as if they (and I!) had nothing better to do with time. So if you prefer to keep your phone number to yourself, rest assured that your call will go unanswered. In that case, it will be better to directly send a text message or write to the email address.

<!---
BilinguAlvaro/BilinguAlvaro is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
